# ALMA_2015

## Previous Feedback
This proposal sought to identify the counterparts to a sample of 100 galaxies selected at 250um with Herschel, which resolved around 20% of the cosmic background at this wavelength, via observations in band 7 at moderate spatial resolution.  The identifications can then be used to determine the redshifts, dust temperatures, infrared luminosities, stellar masses, etc., via the ancillary data available in the UDS field.  The panel found the proposal to be clear and unambiguous, and relatively inexpensive and agreed that it is self evident that an obvious way to understand the galaxies that dominate at 200um is to select a sample at ~200um, either via PACS at 160um or SPIRE at 250um.  However, it just as obvious that the best way to reliably identify those 200um sources is to obtain high-resolution observations at the same or close to the same wavelength.  If we observe 250um sources at 870um, how can we be sure what contribution a 870um emitter is making at 250um? SPIRE resolves only a small fraction of the cosmic background at 250um, as acknowledged here.  Arguably the best way to explore the cosmic background at 250um is via stacking experiments, of which this group has undertaken a number that are not described here. The proposal argued that IDs and prior source extraction (using 24um) leads to incomplete samples of 250um sources; however, deep 100um surveys (H-GOODS, H-CANDELS) can provide priors for virtually all 250um sources with no biases to warm dust sources only. The proposal also states that only 40-80% of the targets are adequately IDed - in the latter case, 80%, why not just target the remaining 20%?